I can't believe she's dating well Ross
what did you think she was gonna do I
don't know I guess I just can't believe
any of this is happening yes what do you
mean yes I always thought when I had
another kid it'd be different no I
I love Ben but every time I have to drop
him off at Carol and Susan's so it
breaks my heart a little I mean I've
always had this picture of me and my
next wife in bed on Sunday and my kid
comes running in and leaps up onto the
bed and we all read the paper together
you know maybe fight over the science
section that's a nice picture maybe you
could still have that no no I can't
I mean Rachel's out with some guy my
baby went with her if anything that
picture keeps moving further away hey
can I ask you something in this in this
picture of you and your wife is your
wife Rachel they used to be
well now shady doesn't really have a
face smoking body though good call the
face lost the face isn't Rachel no but
ah how much easier would it be if it
weren't I know but I don't think that's
what she want no it's not what I want
either I mean I can't force myself to
fall in love with her again okay Ross
maybe you need a new picture okay it's
not gonna be what you thought but no
matter what there's gonna be a brand-new
little baby your baby who cares what the
picture looks like
hmm hey tell you what lets you and me go
out have some fun huh whatever you want
come on we can still catch that
Ukrainian film no I said fun hello hi
what was the date
well I'm alone and I just bought $15
worth of candy bars what do you think
huh what happened I made the mistake of
telling him that was pregnant uh he
didn't take it so well well better than
you but you know still not what you want
oh I got a weird and sputter E and then
he said yeah I hear those hemorrhoids
are a bitch
he sounds swell doesn't he hey one uh
one a little cheering up yes so it's
whose middle name is Muriel Oh Chandler
M Bing uh-huh I'm sorry about your day
that's right
I guess I'm just done when the whole
dating thing there's one more thing in
my life that's suddenly completely
different this is hard yeah
Oh on the other hand in in about seven
months you're gonna have something but
you're going to love more than any guy
you've ever gone out with
just wait wait until uh wait until the
first time your baby grabs your finger
have no idea
[Music]
what you wanna grab some coffee
um no I think I'm gonna go home at 8:00
Jen can divorce hey I thought I'd shoot
you
oh you did there are 20 in here right
right good night
raus
yeah hey it's Mona from the wedding oh
hi hey whoa uh how are you I'm good
except um you still owe me a dance oh
that's right well uh would you be
interested in seeing a Ukrainian film oh
you're serious sure great well um I
think I might need one more cup of
coffee sure oh let me get it for you
okay
[Music]
you